Oops, it's great that the old lady is awake
Take it to the intensive care unit
Grandma woke up
Master Zhao
Your promise is to travel
Even if this were true
How could it be in the hands of someone like you?
You must have stolen it
You must have stolen it.
Xiao Wuji, let me tell you
For the sake of saving the old lady today
You beat up my son before
I won't pursue it with you.
I hid it for you when you stole the pills.
Are you clear?
A young master of the Zhao family did not believe in his words
Playing a rascal and you
Mrs. Zhao's nonsense
Only protect my son
The Zhao family is not in decline
Heaven is not allowed
Enough, little Wuji
Don't think you saved my grandma
You can speak freely
You hit my brother
Humiliate my mother
You have no respect
wanton
Hello Feixue
What!
Mr. Shen from Tianxin Entertainment wants to see me now
Now?
But
Fortunately, Dingsheng Hotel
I'll go now.
I have something to go out now
You go back first
The general manager of Qian Xin Yu Le
Why did you suddenly quit smoking?
Still thinking about quitting
There must be something wrong here.
I have to go see
Zhao Changyun, forget it this time
Next time you see me
Remember to kowtow and admit your mistake